If you hate yourself, if you really hate yourself,
However this isn't the right time to apologize to the community
Have a basket of local용
For this wine I'm going to give a soup
After five hours, please do tell these old men
what kind of private life I want.
But first, please listen carefully.
My name is Dirkish, first of Kogigata.
Then I'll be singing your second line,
the song of
Tornado by Kato Kikcool.
The
Critters of DensSen closes
So onwards all kata kata
свой etz owar
gom Start
The Are's and A's must have gotten cut small up to make it again
Yes. So the Great One cut their boat
Tramp!
Big improves his behavior
Umů
It's time to leave
You tan rid of that choppy hair and
I won't let you go!
You can't get away with this!
I have to finish this!
What do you mean?
What?
You have to finish this!
I have to finish this!